Hey what is up guys.
And welcome back.
So now in this video we will be working up and say OK we're just going to work with that thing.
OK.
The essays the newsletter.
So we are going to break for this and then we're going to where he get this.
OK so let's just go ahead and let's go to the budget and in the budget we have this sidebar so we end
the sidebar we have this basically newsletter.
So let's just go ahead and let's see how can we edit did so I'm just going to come here and say the
MailChimp OK in the MailChimp it is MailChimp farm action.
OK.
So this is basically the thing I'm just going to come here and I am going to go ahead and I'm going
to see is the farm action.
So I'm just going to go to
General farms OK and in here I need to just grab the farm action so.
No no no this is not the one sign farm in the lurch.
Recaptcha final Volcom email Bayt profile automation lending bage subscribe from
imbedded farms subscriber public farm integration.
I'm just going to head this select OK and we have this right here that is foofoo and Squarespace so
I was going to grab that thing.
OK let's just come here to the site and farm and I think we have to select the embedded farms.
Yes.
I really just selected an end here.
I just want to include the farm table no Schwall fields no
we just want a show only required fields so this is the email address.
OK.
And now here basically this is called the phone you are L..
No no no no no.
This is the you are.
OK.
That is farm action.
This is called the action you are l.
We just now play I have to just copy this all and let's just based it somewhere in like a note stop
so I'm just going to open the notepad.
And here I want to paste it.
So in this I want to just grab this form action and you are all OK.
I would just copy this.
And now here I have just come here and I have to paste it so it is MailChimp farm action.
I just have to come here and I have to paste it.
So now I have to just sit.
So now you can see that if someone enters his e-mail address in here then I will receive that in that
section.
So let's just test it.
OK.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to go to my Web site.
And then in here I want to enter the e-mail address.
Let's see our list of the old email address after that.
So I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to enter the e-mail address.
The e-mail address is going to be a different like this and I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to go.
So on clicking go you can see it.
Confirm humanity.
The reason is that because we have selected that thing if we just go to the settings
let's just go to settings list naming defaults and in here we can see recaptcha.
So this is basically telling that it is a recaptcha.
If he did not address if he did not accept that then it will be automatically added to our list.
But if we wanted to just verify the humanities section that he could see it's a subtribe to the list.
And now the person clicked to subscribe and then he Filby subscribed to our list so it's a subscription
confirm your subscription has been confirmed.
Thank you for subscribing.
I can deal this distance.
Add us to your address book.
So you you can just add them to your address book and then continue to our website so continue to our
website.
So it is just taking them to the website itself so I can see that if I just go here if I just come here
and I just go to the list.
OK.
And then in here you can see it says one subscriber.
So I'm just going to open this up and going to see it as you can see.
This is subtribe.
This is the Condren trading in everything and this is totally running guys seriously.
OK you can see how this is running
OK.
If I just come here and I just go to the settings right now and then I just remove it.
So you don't want to just predict my site OK.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to save right now and I'll go ahead and let's just enter it
again and let's just add in any e-mail from here.
So I'm just going to add
and I'm going to just hit.
OK.
So you can see it's a subscription confirm.
Thank you for subscribing their subscription to our list has been confirmed.
OK.
This is how it is looking.
So the subscription is being confirmed and everything is just going totally awesome.
So instead if you do not want to add this or if you want to just add the MailChimp Beys to sign it forms.
OK.
How we can do that.
I'm just going to get him here.
I'm just going to go to the embedded farms and I'm just going to go to style select sorry any any here
I want to just select to show all fields so subscribe to our mailing list.
I don't want to include the phone title and here indicates required field show interest group fields
show required fields indicator okay show format options HVM of the plaintext.
OK this is right here.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to copy all this.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to go to the visit's right here.
So individualise I have to basically come here and I want to come here to do the MailChimp.
OK.
And instead of this I want to just close it OK.
And then here I want to add a text.
So let's just come here and let's add a text.
So on text I just want it to be in the right bar.
And this is right here and I want to add the code that I have given to have to select the text from
here.
OK.
And then here I have to paste the text.
And now here I have to add Strype.
OK this is your.
I want to go ahead and I want to save right now.
And now let's go ahead and let's see.
So I'm going to come here.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to view my website so you can see this is how the form would
be looking.
There's other form is looking at its email address first name.
And that's right.
So if I just enter any of the e-mail address like
and then here I just enter his name the last name and then I just go ahead and I just subscribe so you
can see it.
Thank you for subscribing.
Subscribing is already done from here.
OK.
This is how it is for making this form just for acts like that.
So if you don't want anyone to be just like that at it from there then you can just go ahead and do
that.
OK.
And then I just go ahead and I just view my mailing list.
Then here you will see it's three subscribers and I can just view the list of surprises.
I can just go with marriage conduct and in here I'll just I can just read all the context that I have
so I have these right here.
OK.
I also have the name and the last name itself as well because we have asked them to just enter that
so I would recommend you do basically go with this first name a last name so that your mail does not
go into the spam.
OK.
And now in the next video I'm going to show you that.
How can you send mail to all of them at once.
And how can they open it up how can you just track everything.
And then after that I'm going to show you how can you just go to the e-mail marketing how can you create
lead pages so Stadion guys and by.